Identity 1.0.0 - Diataxis + Code Examples - iteration 1 (#1328)
iotaledger/iota-wiki: docs/build/identity.rs/1.0/docs/references/specifications/iota-did-method-spec.mdx

### UTXO Ledger

> The unspent transaction output ([UTXO](/learn/protocols/chrysalis/core-concepts/switch-to-UTXO/)) model defines a ledger state which is comprised of unspent outputs. Outputs are created by a transaction consuming outputs of previous transactions as inputs. The Stardust version of the protocol defines several output types, the relevant ones for the IOTA DID Method are: Basic Outputs for _value transactions_, and Alias Outputs for storage of DID Documents.

Reviewer: Is there a better source in Stardust? I feel the linked document should be deprecated at some point.

Author: It will eventually, we could use the tip if you prefer

```suggestion
The unspent transaction output ([UTXO](/tips/tips/TIP-0020/)) model defines a ledger state which is comprised of unspent outputs. Outputs are created by a transaction consuming outputs of previous transactions as inputs. The Stardust version of the protocol defines several output types, the relevant ones for the IOTA DID Method are: Basic Outputs for _value transactions_, and Alias Outputs for storage of DID Documents.
```
